Update whats-new-in-defender-for-office-365.md (#9764)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/whats-new-in-defender-for-office-365.md

- This change impacts all users who log in to the Office 365 Security and Compliance portal (protection.office.com), including security teams and end-users who access the Email Quarantine experience, at the **Microsoft Defender Portal** > **Review** > **Quarantine**.
- Redirection is enabled by default and impacts all users of the Tenant.
- Global Administrators and Security Administrators can turn on or off redirection in the Microsoft 365 Defender portal by navigating to **Settings** > **Email & collaboration** > **Portal redirection** and switch the redirection toggle.

> - **Built-in protection**: A profile that enables a base level of Safe Links and Safe Attachments protection that's on by default for all Defender for Office 365 customers. Learn more on this new policy and order of precedence here: [Preset security policies](preset-security-policies.md) and learn about the specific Safe Links and Safe Attachment controls set here: [Safe Attachments settings](recommended-settings-for-eop-and-office365.md#safe-attachments-settings) and [Safe Links settings](recommended-settings-for-eop-and-office365.md#safe-links-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Built-in protection**: A profile that enables a base level of Safe Links and Safe Attachments protection that's on by default for all Defender for Office 365 customers. To learn more about this new policy and order of precedence, see [Preset security policies](preset-security-policies.md) and to learn about the specific Safe Links and Safe Attachment controls set, see [Safe Attachments settings](recommended-settings-for-eop-and-office365.md#safe-attachments-settings) and [Safe Links settings](recommended-settings-for-eop-and-office365.md#safe-links-settings).
```
